1. Exercise 1.6
   a,c,e,f,g,h

2. Exercise 1.14
   when a hardware is powerful and expensive, users can use
   time-sharing system to share the compute resources with others. In
   this way, users can get a faster computer than a PC with lower cost.

3. Exercise 1.19
   (1) Interrupt signaled the occurrence of an event. So, the computer could
   deal with this event immediately and return to previous process when it
   gets done. Both hardware and software need to trigger interrupts to
   inform CPU to immediately transfer execution to another. Many I/O devices
   need interrupt to perform action.

   (2) A trap is a software-generated interrupt, but interrupt
   can be caused by a hardware.A interrupt used to signal event from I/O
   devices, while a trap can be used by application to catch error.

   (3) Yes, Although a trap can caused by error, it can also triggered by a
   specific request from a user program that an operating-system service be
   performed.

4. Exercise 1.27
   (1) Limited resources. The resources such as memory capacity
   and processing speed are more limited than those of PCs.

   (2) power consumption. The os need to carefully manage all
   the programs not to produce massive power consumption.


5. Exercise 2.16
   Many os treat devices as files.
   Advantages:
   (1) For developers, it is easy to learn and use it, if accessing file and
   device is combined in a same way.
   (2) For hardware device company, they can follow uniformed API.

   Disadvantages:
   Many devices may have more functions which the file API can not cover.

6. Exercise 2.21
   1. Main advantage:
   (1) it makes extending the operating system easier. New services
   are added without modification of the kernel.
   (2) The microkernel is a smaller kernel. It means when the kernel
   does have to be modified, the changes tend to be fewer.
   (3) The microkernel also provides more security and reliability,
   since most services are running as user—rather than kernel—processes.

   2. Communication between user programs and system services is provided
   through message passing.

   3. Disadvantage:
   The performance of microkernels can suffer due to increased
   system-function overhead.






